I like playing badminton.
The building has a balcony.
He has set up a band.
They are carnping in the countryside.
There are three cans on the table.
She is wearing a cap
John bought a pan yesterday.
I had a bike in the past.
Ilike the pattern on the skirt.
The rabbit is jumping into the hole.
Do you like rap music?
There're some rapid changes in the environment.
Workers in the factory ordered hamburgers for lunch.
I can't live without electric fans in summer.
He runs fast.
The bank is next to the post office.
There are five apples in the basket.
The little boy soaks his toys in the bath.
Mom pats me on the back.
He has a pet parrot named Cutie.
they take a walk down the garden path.
My first horse back riding is very exciting.
Washing your hands carefully to prevent bacteria.
We should balance our income and expenses.
I designed a special mask for the party.
Oh my God! Jimmy has poured coffee on my new mat!
Dad has been collecting match boxes for years.
What kind of magazine do you read?
She likes to have mango slush after meal.
Do you know how to read this map?
People who want to lose weight often eat salad.
We went to the beach and build a sand castle.
Only jewels can satisfy the picky princess.
People who lack exercises get fat easily.
Dad, the lamp in my room doesn't work.
She made a pumpkin lantern for Halloween.
The stairs to the roof are narrow.
Let's go downstairs and watch TV.
Go upstairs and you can find the bookstore.
Mom, do you see the hairdryer?
I had a haircut yesterday.
Uncle, can you repair my teddy bear?
There is competition etween these two airlines.
The company produces airplanes.
I will arrive at the airport at 9 a.m.
Grandpa is sitting in the armchair.
Do you enjoy the fresh air in the morning?
Hey, you've got airmail.
Please take care of yourself.
Miss Brown is a careful dentist.
Tom is a careless boy.
Compare before you shop for the best deals.
Do you know how to prepare for dinner party?
This kind of rose is pretty rare.
it'sdangerous to take hot soup with bare hands.
Do you have enough money for the taxi fare?
Her farewell party will start at 7 p.m.
Peggy is scared to swim.
My sister and I share a room.
The candle gave a flare.
Which balloon do you like?
Her husband is a kind person.
He probably left the books in his room.
I gave a present to papa.
policemen are patrolling around the area
The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the five oceans is the world.
We plan to send grandmother a present at Christmas.
I started primary school when I was 7 years old.
Don't forget to use a comma if you want to list several things in your paper.
Cute pandas are born in China.
She is wearing a fashionable skirt.
Tina is a professional journalist.
All the strawberries are mine.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
Judy is very talkative.
Little Kitty wishes to be a drawer.
I get up at dawn.
Karen is her sister-in-law.
Kenny is good at playing baseball.
Let's play basketball outside!
As time goes by, he grows bald.
The Opening Ceremony of 2008 Beijing Olympic Games is on August 8th.
The typhoon caused great damage.
I love you because you are brave and kind.
You are my sunshine.
The baby is sleeping in the mother's arms.
Stop arguing with your sister.
Old McCarthy has a farm.
Denmark is far away from Spain.
I have some friends in faraway countries.
I received her Christmas card.
Children love cartoons.
Do you know who carved this statue?
The course contains several parts.
Gina is a party animal.
May I beg your pardon?
Have you read Andersen's Fairy Tales?
There is a vase on the table.
I like listening to the tape.
The unemployment rate is rising.
Joey is in a rage.
A warrior must be brave.
Leave me alone and go away.
He is driving through the highway.
Do you know how to read the subway map?
A stranger asked me how to get to the railway station.
John has a fine brain.
It rains cats and dogs.
There is a bakery in the corner.
Claire is a cute baby.
He wrote a book about babyhood.
She begs Mr. Wells not to blame her.
Please ring the bell if you need help.
The stick is bent.
The water is boiling.
Mom boiled eggs and prepared salad.
Mr. Smith is his new boss.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women.
We usually have croissant and coffee for breakfast.
She is reading a report about shortness of breath.
Put some ice cubes. The juice will taste better.
Mom calculates the costs every day.
We plan to have a barbecue this weekend.
She called a cab because of the hurry.
Do you need a purple cabbage or a Chinese cabbage?
I always have lunch in the school cafeteria.
Lillian is a college student.
Andy has many comic books.
To wear T-shirt and jeans is very common.
Put on your coat, or you will get a cold.
Our basketball team got a new coach.
Do you like coconut flavor cakes?
There are some cracks in the glass.
He learned a goldsmith's craft.
A car crashed on the street.
She put the sleeping baby in the cradle.
We have to use a crane to lift the machine.
The crate is made of wood.
Humans are the smartest in creation.
Picasso is the most creative artist in the world.
We are educated not to commit a crime.
There is a crowd of people in front of the department store.
Taipei is a crowded city.
The witch is cruel to Snow White.
Have you ever heard 17-Year Cicada story?
The gentleman lit a cigar.
Smoking cigarette will cause lung cancer.
Mornkey Circus is very popular.
Your circlet is bright and beautiful.
The strawberry cake has a circular shape.
I prefer lemon juice to orange juice.
Thanks for your advice.
Be a nice girl.
Can you ride a tricycle?
He takes a fancy to the movie star.
I bought an icy coke.
We ordered fried chicken and pizza for party.
It is chilly outside.
Lucy rested her chin on her hands.
The job offers a challenge.
He is a champion singer.
There are hundreds of TV channels for you to choose.
French fries are usually served with ketchup.
Lisa has a new kitchen.
Helen collects beautiful watches.
We sit on a bench eating lunch.
He ate cheese,pancake,baoon,potatoes and juice for brunch.
He is lying on a couch.
The newly-built dock is spectacular.
The dress costs 2500 dollars.
Let's go to the ocean park to see the dolphins.
Do you enjoy the dumb show?
Only adults can see this movie.
Zubin Mehta conducts the orchestra.
lsadora Duncan is the most famous dancer.
My dad is a teacher.
The earthquake caused great damage.
You are an oasis in a desert.
There are few books on the desk.
Let's decorate the Christmas tree!
Uncle is generous with money.
Frank is gentle in manner.
Handshake is a gesture of friendship.
He is the best student in the class.
Don't forget to fasten the security belt.
Flora is good at belly dance.
I am trying to build up my chest muscle.
I have to check it twice.
Mr. Martin has a big cherry orchard.
I have only one cent left.
I am in the center of the garden.
This fish is 110 centimeter long.
Dora is fourteen years old.
There are fifteen players in our team.
Teenagers have their own worry.
Mom is cooking beef noodles.
Daddy likes to drink beer when watching soccer games.
My dog catches the Frisbee.
I have to pay the fee.
She feeds the cat twice a day.
Cats have four feet.
There are apple trees in the yard.
Go straight to the street and you can see the bank.
Becky hates to eat green onion.
The eagle is flying in the sky.
The sun rises from the east.
The cat is eating fish.
The basic four types of tea are green tea, black tea, white tea and oolong tea.
I am washing the teapot.
Do you want to join my team?
There are boats sailing on the sea.
She likes seafood.
Autumn is my favorite season.
Let's see the top ten green bean producers.
Do you see the beam?
A teacher is beating a naughty student.
Mom is in anger.
I cut my finger while preparing the dinner.
Many children in poor countries are suffering from hunger.
This cup of coffee tastes bitter.
Please give me bread and butter, thanks.
She is looking at the butterfly.
There are many tourists in summer
Customers are always right.
Do you choose the former or the later?
Vera's birthday is on September 2nd.
I will go to Japan for tour this October.
Jill went to Germany last November.
Mom is frying chicken.
I ordered a hamburger with fries.
Tomorrow is Friday.
Sophie has five meals a day.
Do you know how to start a fire?
The food is just fine.
He cannot recognize the national flag of Nigeria.
She is doing the research on flu virus.
Do you know the opera "Magic Flute" composed by Mozart?
All I want is the fact.
The show is fantastic!
The fanlight is above the door.
I like my hot dog garnished with mustard.
Fog is different from cloud.
London is a foggy city.
Give me a glass of grape juice, please.
Benjamin wears glasses.
Can you lend me a bottle of glue?
These guards are well-trained.
I guess you know the answer.
We are waiting for the guests.
I want the big one!
The dog is digging a hole in the yard.
I bought some delicious fig fruits.
The fairy's magic changes pumpkins into carriages.
I cannot understand your logic.
Carrie cannot imagine his anger at finding the vase broken.
Claire selects a major in biology.
He is interested in biological technology.
Don't be so stingy.
London Bridge is falling down.
Be careful not to touch the edge of the knife.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
I used to read a lot of books when I was his age.
Please open your book and turn to page 158.
The singer is singing on the stage.
Say hello to your teacher.
May I help you?
To eat fresh vegetables and fruits is helpful to health.
Wash your hands before eating dinner.
I am washing my handkerchief.
Just turn the handle here and you can open the door.
I like to drink hot milk before I go to bed.
What is your hobby, Denny?
Her sick grandmother is in the hospital.
He is hitting a nail into the wall.
Just shake your hips!
The hippo is a fat animal.
A bikini is a type of women's swimsuit.
I received a bill for 100 dollars.
I put those potatoes into a bin.
I paid fifty dollars for the dress.
Mom filled my glass with orange juice.
I bought a rool of film for my camera.
Insert the disk into the CD-ROM drive.
It is a long distance from Paris to Tokyo.
Why don't you consult the dictionary?
Please put the lid on the bottle.
He can lift a heavy box.
I am learning lip language.
Jeff is likely to be in New Jersey this September.
Kate draws a line on a piece of paper.
The car slides because of the rain.
Rita arrived in Taipei last Friday.
Can you drive a car?
I paid 5 dollars to the taxi driver.
What is Jimmy smiling at?
Those books are mine.
The news excites me.
He is excited about the concert.
It is very difficult to decide.
This way,sir.
Do you like this pink shirt?
I like to wear a T-shirt.
Louis adds sugars to his coffee and stirs it.
Wash the dirt of your face.
Be careful not to get your shirt dirty.
I am hungry and thirsty.
There are thirty days in June.
Billy wins the third place.
We celebrated Claire's birth with a potluck party.
He raises a beautiful bird.
The desk is firm.
I jog every morning.
She is fit for the job.
There are millions of jobless people.
Mom bought me a new jacket.
January is the first month of a year.
I love jazz.
What is your object?
He is doing projecting.
English is my favorite subject
He is just a little boy.
Remember to adjust your watch.
Cecil juggles with balls.
Shrek and donkey are good partners.
The horse finished the race without his jockey.
Do you like to play ice hockey?
She has three pairs of skates.
Let's go skiing this winter!
Beauty is only skin deep.
A barking dog doesn't bite.
The color is dark.
The teacher marked the exam papers.
Their chocolate cake is really delicious.
Do you want to make a gingerbread house with me?
There is no spelling mistake in Jill's composition.
Sally often goes to the library.
Do you know the speed of light?
Little Linda is afraid of thunder and lightning.
Would you put my name on the waiting list?
Listen carefully to the teacher.
The bottle holds little water.
The teacher is writing some sentences on the blackboard.
This is a blank check.
Linus is always holding the blue blanket.
Please turn left at the corner.
Grandma's lemon pie is the best.
Could you lend me a pen?
Curiosity kills the cat.
He is a painter of great skill.
I am still waiting for your answer.
Do you want to buy nail polish?
You've got mail.
Harry Potter failed to defend his schoolmaster.
May I call you?
Please enter the hall.
We will go to the shopping mall this weekend.
It's cool and windy.
Don't take me for a fool.
Which school do you prefer?
Do you understand the meaning of her lecture?
Don't eat snacks between meals.
Eating red meat too often is not good for health.
It is bad manners to talk with mouth full.
May I help you, madam?
He is a master of none.
There are seven million people in the country.
Her middle name is Katherine.
The airplane is leaving at midnight.
Take this medicine after meals.
Men and women are equal.
Do you know the definition of metal fatigue?
Sandra prefers cheese hamburger.
I have to study for the exam.
Here is another example.
They fight for freedom.
Shrek and Fiona live in far far away kingdom.
Owl is the symbol of wisdom.
Do you see that frozen stream?
I have a dream.
A daydream is a fantasy experienced while awake.
You have to fill out the form.
I inform his mother about his outstanding achievement.
Jenny looks cute in uniform.